---
# global predefined variables
layout: tla_page
permalink: /covid-19-around-the-globe/
published: true
# meta-data variables
title: Covid-19 Around the Globe
keywords: 'covid-19, pandemic, around the world, essays'
description: >-
# custom variables
---
The Coronavirus pandemic is a global phenomenon unlike any other, at least in terms of speed (more than climate change) and reach (more than trade). Its effects and consequences in different countries and societies are remarkably diverse. The College of Liberal Arts at Temple University is fortunate to have among its faculty many area specialists, with deep knowledge about a large array of countries. The Global Studies Program has created this new public platform to share some of this knowledge. Our goal is to collect short essays on the Coronavirus experience from around the world. These are not the big picture articles that tend to dominate in the US media (such as “the future of globalization” or “what will happen to international trade”); rather, we wish to highlight stories or ideas or conditions that are specific to places or countries. This is a living document. Please consider sending your own essay to enrich the breadth of our collective knowledge, to [global-studies@temple.edu](mailto:global-studies@temple.edu).

___

## The Caribbean: Quarantine Culture
**_Harvey Neptune, Associate Professor, Department of History_**
Mobility has been a defining feature of modern Caribbean history.  Especially since the end of slavery and indentureship by the early 20th century, the will and wherewithal to travel across and out of the region has been a precious human resource.  Caribbean people move.  In fact, for many born in the region, leaving their place of birth has been the key to making a life and earning a living.  The arrival of the corona virus has put a dramatic pause to this enduringly moving way of being.  Though some states re-opened their borders months ago (largely due to economic dependency on tourism), much of the Caribbean has been under virtual “lockdown” for the past eight months. This has been true for the twin island republic of Trinidad and Tobago, whose government has taken a strict and relatively effective approach to dealing with the deadly virus, restricting, among other things, commercial air traffic.
The material effects of this legalized confinement have been profound and pervasive.  From women who do roadside food marketing to cinema owners, locals have had to  live through an ‘economy in quarantine,’ a situation in which the routine capitalist runnings have become too dangerous to permit.  Trinibagonians have tolerated the new measures, aware of the fatal alternatives.  Yet they have not been sentimental about the grave economic costs of the new Corona regime.
Take, for example, the predicament of those laboring in the local music industry, which is dominated by the soca genre.  Like athletes, intellectuals and strivers in general, performers of Trinbagonian music have had to leave home to profit from their talent.  Each year, soon after the famous annual Carnival that pulses the production of soca music, singers and musicians head north to ply their trade, to “eat ah food”, as locals might put it.  For them, a successful tour in the US, Canada and England can be the difference between remaining in the industry or choosing another line of work.  By the end of February this year, there were already advertisements for singers with the biggest hits to perform in parties and concerts in Brooklyn.  The arrival of Covid soon dissolved these events.
Yet the story of “quarantine culture” in Trinbago is not simply one of misfortune and loss.  Creative talents compelled to stay at home have awakened to the nightmarish history of the Corona moment and have taken up their call to reflect on it.  I count myself lucky enough to know a few of these local laborers, a trio specifically.  In the last few months, Azriel Bahadoor, Ryan Chaitram, and Michael Toney have seized upon this period of historic stuckness to undertake a documentary that aims to understand what Trinbagonians have made of life under quarantine.  Based on interviews with a range of people (from preteen students to bar owners to musicians), the work-in-progress asks subjects to reflect on how the changes wrought by Covid have transformed their ways of thinking and living and, indeed, of dealing with death.  In fact, it was hearing about their interview with singer College Boy Jesse -- whose “Happy song” was a big hit -- that dramatically clarified for me the unhappy times Corona brought to the arena of culture. (Hear the song here.)
Still, the fact that Bahadoor, Chaitram and Toney are currently making this documentary should remind us that “quarantine culture” amounts to more than a grave challenge. It is also a rich opportunity.  The compulsion to stay in place has opened up space for Trinbagonians to appreciate that while much is to be gained from traveling abroad, there is no less to be won from pursuing discovery within, from contemplating inward contents with a new purpose and intensity.  Indeed, these quarantined times just might push Caribbean people to appreciate a point made by the great poet Derek Walcott when he received the Nobel Prize. Those who stay in a place, Walcott explained to his Oslo audience, are its true lovers.  Everybody else is a kind of tourist.
Sometimes it takes a dreaded disease to teach the wisdom of poets.
This essay is dedicated to the memory of Tony Hall and Dennis Hall for the serious cultural work that they put in and left us.
