pages/home.md, before:

---
# global predefined variables
layout: tla_home
permalink: /
published: true
# meta-data variables
title: Home
description: >-
  Temple University’s interdisciplinary Global Studies program incorporates over
  a dozen fields of study, teaching students to see the world as a whole.
keywords: 'Global Studies, students, economy'
# custom variables
promotion-table: true
feature: true 
feature-image: media/croppedhero_global.png
---
The world is increasingly globalized, with goods, services, people and ideas traveling across borders more often (and more quickly) than ever before. Temple University College of Liberal Arts’ interdisciplinary Global Studies program features an undergraduate major and minor. The program brings together over a dozen fields of study, focusing on global security, economy and cultures. The major is further complemented by intensive foreign language instruction, unique study abroad experiences and internships to prepare our students for their global careers.

___

## Academic Offerings
- [BA in Global Studies](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/global-studies-major-la-gbst-ba)
- [Minor in Global Studies](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/global-studies/minor-global-studies/)

___

<div class="row row-wide">
  <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
    title="Broaden Your Perspective"
    content="Global Studies students learn to see the world as a whole, combining foundational courses with specialized study in global security, economy, or culture."
    image="assets/img_gs_rome.png"
    button-link="/global-studies/undergraduate/#coursework"
    button-text="Learn More" %}
  </div>
  <div class="row row-wide">
    <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
      title="Experience Temple Abroad"
      content="Our students can study and earn internship credit abroad at Temple’s campuses in Rome and Japan, as well as at dozens of other Temple-recognized programs."
      image="assets/img_gs_languages.png"
      button-link="/global-studies/student-life/#study-abroad"
      button-text="Learn More" %}
    </div>
    <div class="row row-wide">
      <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
        title="Design Your Future"
        content="Beyond the classroom, Global Studies students are encouraged to undertake internships, volunteer, be active in student organizations, and plan for a variety of global professions."
        image="assets/img_gs_globalecon.png"
        button-link="/global-studies/student-life/"
        button-text="Learn More" %}
      </div>
    </div>

Commit message:

added link to essays sites

pages/home.md, after:

---
# global predefined variables
layout: tla_home
permalink: /
published: true
# meta-data variables
title: Home
description: >-
  Temple University’s interdisciplinary Global Studies program incorporates over
  a dozen fields of study, teaching students to see the world as a whole.
keywords: 'Global Studies, students, economy'
# custom variables
promotion-table: true
feature: true 
feature-image: media/croppedhero_global.png
---
The world is increasingly globalized, with goods, services, people and ideas traveling across borders more often (and more quickly) than ever before. Temple University College of Liberal Arts’ interdisciplinary Global Studies program features an undergraduate major and minor. The program brings together over a dozen fields of study, focusing on global security, economy and cultures. The major is further complemented by intensive foreign language instruction, unique study abroad experiences and internships to prepare our students for their global careers.

### COVID-19 Around the Globe
The Global Studies program has collected short essays on the effects of Covid-19 in countries across the globe. This effort is to leverage our unique advantage of having faculty with such deep knowledge about different regions of the world. Read our current [COVID-19 Around the Globe essays](https://sites.temple.edu/covid19aroundtheglobe/)!

___

## Academic Offerings
- [BA in Global Studies](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/global-studies-major-la-gbst-ba)
- [Minor in Global Studies](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/global-studies/minor-global-studies/)

___

<div class="row row-wide">
  <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
    title="Broaden Your Perspective"
    content="Global Studies students learn to see the world as a whole, combining foundational courses with specialized study in global security, economy, or culture."
    image="assets/img_gs_rome.png"
    button-link="/global-studies/undergraduate/#coursework"
    button-text="Learn More" %}
  </div>
  <div class="row row-wide">
    <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
      title="Experience Temple Abroad"
      content="Our students can study and earn internship credit abroad at Temple’s campuses in Rome and Japan, as well as at dozens of other Temple-recognized programs."
      image="assets/img_gs_languages.png"
      button-link="/global-studies/student-life/#study-abroad"
      button-text="Learn More" %}
    </div>
    <div class="row row-wide">
      <div class="col m12 l4">{% include cards/card2-fixed.html
        title="Design Your Future"
        content="Beyond the classroom, Global Studies students are encouraged to undertake internships, volunteer, be active in student organizations, and plan for a variety of global professions."
        image="assets/img_gs_globalecon.png"
        button-link="/global-studies/student-life/"
        button-text="Learn More" %}
      </div>
    </div>
